the one of you does it kind of a major
7018 can do what they do being based in
Denver and being such a good team I
think I think they've had a lot of you
know I was tied to that deal when I was
at RCR a little bit when Kurt was
driving it and you know they probably
spend as much money as anybody in the
garage if not more per team but they
have a lot of logistics to to overcome
and they've it's taken them a long time
to to get the people in place but they
have good people they have a lot of
people that make travel back and forth
and they spend they spend as much money
as anybody in the team from travel and
those things to make sure they get their
guys back to Colorado so they put the
effort in and it shows good zach is
external for Jimmy this is the person
for you for your ease personally talked
about and the flat tire earlier to
overcome that what what where do you
think that I think it says that we're
we're doing a good job or car drives
good and traffic which is something I
didn't have last year so I'm very happy
to have that and I've had to pass a lot
of cars through this first part of the
season from poor qualifying efforts or a
flat tire like we had today so I think
we're we're doing well we still need
more speed you know even if we're the
fastest car ever I still want more but
to have the 78 and the four you know so
far ahead and the speed that Kevin
showed and practice and what kind of
speeds really in our hendrik equipment
we've we've got to keep working we're
not where we need to be exactly coming
from Scott Scott walls from the Scranton
times Tribune for both you guys at the
end you know there was a lot of talk
about the about the bumps and turned to
how it was gonna play out in the race
today just what were your thoughts you
don't want on the bumps going through
there today I think after the first
round I think everybody was kind of
settled down on the bumps but you know
if we could just keep them
if the track smooth they're gonna a lot
of them are gonna you know complain
about it being too smooth and doesn't
have enough grip and now there's three
bumps in the track and it's the end of
the world so you I just you know I
I think Jimmy's probably the same way
you used to just go to the racetrack and
if there was a new bump you came in and
you said hey there's a new bump and you
go to work on it and so you know I made
I probably made 70% of my passes today
in the tunnel because guys would get
there and bounce and move up the
racetrack or get loose or whatever the
case may be but I made at least seven or
80% of my passes over there today I
totally agree it was an opportunity to
work on your car to an opportunity to
pass I think it really surprised us all
our first trip through the tunnel it's a
hairy corner to start with and then roll
off in there your first time and find
those bumps I just think you got
everybody's attention I I don't mind the
bumps and the challenges that come with
all that stuff so I second what Kevin
said okay we've got a Zack and over here
at Jeff Kevin you've been where Martin
is right now with a ending a big long
winless week what do you think he's
feeling right now not only because it's
for a smaller team but ending such a big
one yeah the size the team doesn't
really matter I think when you look at
you know everything that personally you
know that Martin and Sheri have dealt
with I'm just super super happy for them
personally I'm super happy for the
Barney and his team but more importantly
for Martin and Sheri to see them have
that bright spot you know of today is is
something that I think the whole garage
is going to support and be happy with so
you know obviously you always want to
win but when you can see something come
full circle like like their situation it
makes you makes you proud to to know
them and be a part of the sport in
general to see how they've supported
Sheri and and all the things that that
they've gone through Jeff yes a day
actually my question was something
similar so Jimmy could you speak to that
as well I mean it seems like the tracks
would be pretty popular in the garage
yeah I mean I guess some of that I could
add to what Kevin said is just the
professional side of Martin's career in
the last few years when you go back to
the Richmond race and the challenges
that he has had he's he's had more to
overcome personally professionally than
right anybody sitting in a seat right
now and to for him to still walk in the
garage every week would smile on his
face climb in the car put in the effort
be the you know great guy he is I think
speaks volumes and very popular went for
him I would picture myself give him fist
bump telehealth so very popular one for
sure
wrap it up ray Magnum looks maritime for
both of you you're on the mile and a
half tracks now with the rules package
what do you think the racing today at
Pocono and what any any improvements
that NASCAR could make or are you
satisfied with what with the product you
had today I mean you know it's really
not any different than it has been for
the 15 years that we've raced here you
know I think the bumps in the tunnel
added added some different things to it
I think the restarts were crazy so you
know I don't I don't know that that the
the rules package is really out I think
everybody's really blown it out of
proportion and really when you look back
at things and you look how things work
it's not a lot different than it has
been so you just for whatever reason
everybody wants to talk about it a lot
more than they have and it's like I
watch that is it the 92 I think it's a
92 all-star race you go back and watch
that race and everybody talks you know
they made it into this great production
and great race on TV it was like follow
the leader in 1992 it was way worse than
what we are today and it just happened
to be a crash at the finish that
everybody thought was spectacular so an
Earnhardt spun out so that always makes
it interesting it's just like the pass
in the grass there was no past I don't
understand
the only other thing to add I think the
tracks coming around here we're seeing
lane widen out there was an outside
groove that worked and one didn't have
to run the bottom and three on restarts
the second Lane was working so I think
what the track did and the type of
asphalt they put down I think the next
year or two will actually start widening
out the racetrack especially in one
gentlemen thanks again for coming in
today congratulations and we'll see you
next week in Michigan
you